In the atmosphere of celebrating National Day on
September 2nd, Hoa Trung, a pilgrimage group
of Buddhists from the Quoc Vang Loc Hoa Buddhist
Club, who practice Buddhism,
arrived at Linh Thieu mountain peak today, where the
Buddha preached and enlightened countless Bodhisattvas.
Today, the Buddhists in the group
would like to sing the song "Proud of Vietnam"
to celebrate National Day on September 2nd,
2024. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Proud to be Vietnam, proud to be Vietnam, proud to be Vietnam,
proud to be Vietnam, Vietnam
[Music]
Green fields, green mountains, clouds swirling
around, singing high, soaring high, the sound of birds in the vast forest,
Vietnam's birth, listening to the whispers of our ancestors, the youthful
years building, the
heroic love of
Vietnam, with its golden color, peace and prosperity throughout the world,
Vietnamese people see in their hands the
value of wealth, far and wide, all from the source. Proud to be Vietnam, Vietnamese people,
hand in hand, with the spirit of
wealth, far and wide, the world, our friends, let's
hold hands and walk together, calling out for  He
established the Vietnamese National Anthem according to the
Vietnamese national anthem
[music]
Vietnam, proud is Vietnam, proud is Vietnam,
Vietnam
[music]
[Applause]
Forever grateful to President Ho Chi Minh
[music]
h